fix: use import command instead of editing config files (#3083)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/auth/fragments/existing-resources.md

> If you are using the Amplify CLI, an existing Amazon Cognito Identity Pool and User Pool can be used with the Amplify Libraries by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Amplify CLI, an existing Amazon Cognito User Pool and Identity Pool can be used with the Amplify Libraries by running:
```

```bash
amplify import auth
```

> For more details, see [the related CLI documentation](~/cli/auth/import.md).

Author: ```suggestion
For more details, see how to [Use an existing Cognito User Pool and Identity Pool](~/cli/auth/import.md).
```

> Refer to [the related CLI documentation](~/cli/auth/import.md) for more details.

Reviewer: Use AWS writing style guide approach here. Example:
"For more information about <topic>, see [Page title](link)."

Author: ```suggestion
For more details, see [the related CLI documentation](~/cli/auth/import.md).
```

> If you are not using the Amplify CLI, a Cognito Identity Pool and User Pool can be used by referencing them in your `amplifyconfiguration.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not using the Amplify CLI, a Cognito User Pool and Identity Pool can be used by referencing them in your `amplifyconfiguration.json` file.
```
